[docs] Clarify -e flag when running APM Server (#2172)
elastic/apm-server: docs/setting-up-and-running.asciidoc

./apm-server -e
----------------------------------

> NOTE: The `-e` <<global-flags,global flag>> enables logs to stdout and disables syslog/file output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The `-e` <<global-flags,global flag>> enables logging to stderr and disables syslog/file output.
```

Remove this flag if you've enabled logging in the configuration file.

> 

Reviewer 2: Not sure, but maybe you want to link to [APM Server status and logs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/server/current/running-with-systemd.html#_apm_server_status_and_logs)

Author: What do you think about an extra sentence that says something like:
> For linux systems, also see [APM Server status and logs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/server/current/running-with-systemd.html#_apm_server_status_and_logs)?
